Fire and medical aid,
what are you reporting.
Hi,
an Amtrak train fell off the I-5
overpass.
Ok,
where is this at?
I-5 and where?
Do you know what mile marker
we're at? It's past the Fort Lewis
military base heading South to
Olympia. It's
an
overpass,
and the train is hanging you know
overpasses, it's landed
and there's people
like-- what's that?
Is it north or south of Mounts Road?
We're heading south. Do you know
what mile marker we're at?
It's heading southbound.
We're at Mounts Road.
The train is headed southbound?
Yes, the train would be heading
southbound.
OK is it south
or north of Mounts Road
Southwest?
Do you know if we're south
or north of Mounts Road?
They
think we're north.
OK.
There's bodies laying everywhere.